samples: add code snippets for Service Directory. (#28)
googleapis/java-servicedirectory: samples/snippets/README.md

# Service Directory

[Service Directory](https://cloud.google.com/service-directory/) is a platform
for discovering, publishing, and connecting services. It offers customers a
single place to register and discover their services in a consistent and
reliable way, regardless of their environment. These sample Java applications
demonstrate how to access the Service Directory API using the Google Java API
Client Libraries.

## Prerequisites

### Enable the API

You must enable the Service Directory API for your project in order to use these
samples. You can do so
[here](https://console.cloud.google.com/flows/enableapi?apiid=servicedirectory.googleapis.com&_ga=2.140387959.57242806.1585772225-360187285.1585772225).

### Set Environment Variables

You must set your project ID in order to run the tests

`$ export GOOGLE_CLOUD_PROJECT=<your-project-id-here>`

### Grant Permissions

You must ensure that the
[user account or service account](https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/service-accounts#differences_between_a_service_account_and_a_user_account)

> you used to authorize your gcloud session has the proper permissions to edit KMS

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
you used to authorize your gcloud session has the proper permissions to edit Service Directory
```

Author: done
